# liri-node-app
This application is a command line interface that allows a user to input the command of spotify-this to search for a song, movie-this to search a movie title for inofrmation regarding that movie, concert-this to search for the latest show of a band or artist, and a bonus command of do-what-it-says. When a song is entered via the spotify-this command, the information liri-node provides using the spotify API is the artist of the song, the song name, a preview url, and what album the song can be found.  If no song is entered liri has a default that will give the information for "The Sign" by Ace of Base. When using the movie-this command, entering a movie title will search the OMDB API and give the movie title, the date the movie was released, the Rotten Tomatoes rating, the IMDB rating, the country, the language, the plot, and the actors in the film. This command also has a default if no movie is entered and will provide the information for the file "Mr. Nobody". The concert-this command uses the Bands in Town API and when an artist or band is entered, liri will provide the name of the next venue, the location, and the date in month/day/year format. Lastly, the command of do-what-it-says will pull information from a random text file and run whatever it says.
In order to use this application a .env file will be needed.
Here is a link to a video demonstration to the application:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PIJDdxYrEljGqX8Zk5dPBykJcAT6Vekj/view
Here is a link to screenshots of the application:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1wjU1blPAilnudEppv3cwXoqJEN2N1aLj?usp=sharing
